## Version 2 : Released on 28-01-2022

- UI is changed and modals are used for categories and countries.
- Selected country is shown at top of the Country modal.
- Option to select no. of news one wants to get.
- Using React Async Storage the selected country is stored, so that when the user repopens the app he gets the news from the same country.
- Scroll to top button.

Download V2.0.0 of SamVaad - [Downlad SamVaad latest release](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1e4Cf_NriFSnJz6O466kmqBEKHrx9ltCF?usp=sharing)

Bugs => In Some android devices text doesnt render. So yeah React Native is Garbage time to switch to flutter. Because im done with react native 
- Awful documentation,
- New update every now and then,
- Need to write ton of code,
- Form validation is very painful,
- and so is State Management,
- Need to install a lot of libraries to do basic things,
- And too much difficult to debug but then you would ask me that why dont you use Typescript ? the answer is i dont want to write 100s of lines of code !
- Finally these bugs which makes your app handicapped, just imagine what would happen
  - You applied for a job and the HR install your app and sees no text rendered.
  - You worked day and night to make a app and upload it on Play Store and DISASTROUS Bugs like this come up?
- Last but not the least, bro where's the performance ? huh where is it ?, i see a frame drops and unresponsiveness sometimes which a user cant see or notice but you make the same app in Flutter and React Native you will see the difference in performance, Flutter is soo smooth.

Final Verdict- One may like/dislike React Native, but React Native will never be dead cuz Javascript will never be dead, its the language of the Web and most of the Developers are Familiar with it so yeah its not that bad, specially for small applications like mine.